Everything that has a beginning has an end
===

Now I am a Form Upper Six student, the eldest among all students at my school. It's the *very last stage* before stepping out of the schooling world. I have spent the last **13 years** studying in several classrooms and learning from various teachers. I could remember those happy times and sad moments with my friends from different schools. From the Chai Leng Park Kindergarten, <span lang="ms">SK Seberang Jaya</span>, <span lang="ms">SMK Taman Inderawasih</span> to the current <span lang="ms">SMK Dato' Onn</span>, it's hard for me to forget my experiences.

Today, a <span lang="ms" title="blessing">mohon restu</span> session was held at school. All Upper Six students gathered at the hall to listen to speeches. I actually felt quite sleepy at that time, as tears welled up my eyes. Some of my friends thought that I wept. After that, everyone went to ask for forgiveness from the teachers, and thank them for their support and guidance. My friends and I also asked for forgiveness from each other, also thanking for our friendship. It was quite emotional at that time. I noticed that not only the girls burst into tears, so do the guys.

Next month, all of us will be facing the STPM examination. That means starting from next month, I'll be, sort of, in *invisible mode*. I might not reply to much emails in my inbox. I might not post much in the MozillaZine forums. On 9 November 2004, [Firefox 1.0 will take back the web](http://forums.mozillazine.org/viewtopic.php?t=147449 "Help us take back the web."). On that day, I will be having my Physics Paper 2. So, please be expected that my Phoenity theme *will not be updated* that early. Sorry to all.

So, all the best to my friends! Everything that has a beginning has an end. Everything that has ended will have a new beginning.