src/about.md, before:

About
===

The person
---

My name is Lim Chee Aun — <ruby>林志安<rp>(</rp><rt>Lín Zhì Ān</rt><rp>)</rp></ruby> — and I'm a web developer from Malaysia, currently based in Singapore. I can design and code at same time, well, realistically one at a time. I dabble around with mostly front-end technologies, always keep up-to-date with the latest products, constantly learning new things and never stop building useful applications for myself and other people.

I usually spend my free time on [various little projects](https://github.com/cheeaun) and [infinite episodes of animes](http://myanimelist.net/profile/cheeaun). I [speak at some meetups and conferences](http://www.slideshare.net/cheeaun) too.

Here, have a peek at my [résumé](https://docs.google.com/View?docid=ah8cdn5pvj6_6f3wc7q). You can also find me on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/cheeaun), [Facebook](https://facebook.com/cheeaun), [Dribbble](https://dribbble.com/cheeaun) and [Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/cheeaun). [Email](mailto:cheeaun@gmail.com) me for more enquiries.

The site
---

The purpose of this site is to serve as a playground for my thoughts and experiments.

Previously, this site was created with my home-cooked _framework_ and the [Kirby](http://getkirby.com/docs/toolkit/) toolkit. The blog was initially powered by [Blogger](http://blogger.com/) with FTP publishing and after its [deprecation](http://blogger-ftp.blogspot.sg/2010/01/deprecating-ftp.html), it's recoded by using the [Blogger API](https://developers.google.com/blogger/) with [ToroPHP](https://github.com/anandkunal/ToroPHP) framework.

Now, this whole site is statically generated with [Metalsmith](http://www.metalsmith.io/), available on [GitHub](https://github.com/cheeaun/cheeaun.com) and hosted on [GitHub Pages](https://pages.github.com/).

Copyright
---

Unless otherwise stated, the copyright of all content on this site is owned by me.

Commit message:

Link to my Life and Instagram. Update resume link.

src/about.md, after:

About
===

The person
---

My name is Lim Chee Aun — <ruby>林志安<rp>(</rp><rt>Lín Zhì Ān</rt><rp>)</rp></ruby> — and I'm a web developer from Malaysia, currently based in Singapore. I can design and code at same time, well, realistically one at a time. I dabble around with mostly front-end technologies, always keep up-to-date with the latest products, constantly learning new things and never stop building useful applications for myself and other people.

Once in a while, I [ponder on my life](http://cheeaun.life/). I usually spend my free time on [various little projects](https://github.com/cheeaun) and [infinite episodes of animes](http://myanimelist.net/profile/cheeaun). I [speak at some meetups and conferences](http://www.slideshare.net/cheeaun) too.

Here, have a peek at my [résumé](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1kdfbN02qEBhfzSTJWmkn_JMDcrrkHEGhoVvAu2FSJx8). You can also find me on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/cheeaun), [Facebook](https://facebook.com/cheeaun), [Dribbble](https://dribbble.com/cheeaun), [Instagram](https://instagram.com/cheeaun/) and [Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/cheeaun). [Email](mailto:cheeaun@gmail.com) me for more enquiries.

The site
---

The purpose of this site is to serve as a playground for my thoughts and experiments.

Previously, this site was created with my home-cooked _framework_ and the [Kirby](http://getkirby.com/docs/toolkit/) toolkit. The blog was initially powered by [Blogger](http://blogger.com/) with FTP publishing and after its [deprecation](http://blogger-ftp.blogspot.sg/2010/01/deprecating-ftp.html), it's recoded by using the [Blogger API](https://developers.google.com/blogger/) with [ToroPHP](https://github.com/anandkunal/ToroPHP) framework.

Now, this whole site is statically generated with [Metalsmith](http://www.metalsmith.io/), available on [GitHub](https://github.com/cheeaun/cheeaun.com) and hosted on [GitHub Pages](https://pages.github.com/).

Copyright
---

Unless otherwise stated, the copyright of all content on this site is owned by me.
